Rick Hasen highlights the big problem over on
\href{https://electionlawblog.org/?p=133491}{Election Law Blog} noting
that Donald Trump is calling for the Constitution to be suspended. This
was in a post Mr.~Trump
\href{http://web.archive.org/web/20221203171848/https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/109449803240069864}{made
to his account on Truth Social}. For the avoidance of doubt I will
restate the text of his post before commenting on it and it said:

\begin{quote}
\emph{So, with the revelation of MASSIVE \& WIDESPREAD FRAUD \&
DECEPTION in working closely with Big Tech Companies, the DNC, \& the
Democrat Party, do you throw the Presidential Election Results of 2020
OUT and declare the RIGHTFUL WINNER, or do you have a NEW ELECTION? A
Massive Fraud of this type and magnitude allows for the termination of
all rules, regulations, and articles, even those found in the
Constitution. Our great ``Founders'' did not want, and would not
condone, False \& Fraudulent Elections!}
\end{quote}

The key problem is in the sentence which states:

\begin{quote}
\emph{A Massive Fraud of this type and magnitude allows for the
termination of all rules, regulations, and articles, even those found in
the Constitution.}
\end{quote}

There is no way to construe that in an innocent fashion. This is not
\href{http://web.archive.org/web/20221203220850/https://twitter.com/MEPFuller/status/1599105374086258688?s=20&t=RM6FZujmSnUdnEG9LYJr_Q}{hyperbole}
at this point. Even if this man says he's shooting his mouth off there
are lots of people around the country who take things like that social
media post as \emph{gospel writ}. We already saw during the Capitol
Insurrection that his words can very well translate into actions.

It has already been suggested by someone else that I look for work in
Ireland. It does seem like things are turning in bad directions. My
paternal great-grandfather came to this country in the early twentieth
century. Blazing a new trail in the twenty-first century would not
necessarily be revolutionary.

\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/kristol-tweet.jpeg}}
\href{http://web.archive.org/web/20221203223518/https://twitter.com/BillKristol/status/1599161590829711362}{(original
post)}
