I should refer to what was
\href{https://mastodon.social/@dangillmor/109646074425667878}{said by
Dan Gillmor on Mastodon}:

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/gillmor-20230106-sovereigndefault.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Dan Gillmor. ``When the Republican extremists
(redundant?) have full control over the House agenda, once they actually
permit a speaker to be named, one of their top priorities is to cause
the United States to default on its debt. That will trigger a global
economic catastrophe. It will be essential if and when they do this, for
Big Journalism to make totally clear -- with no quoting''both sides''
bullshit -- what has happened. What worries me is that I'm not sure
journalists will rise to the occasion.'' Posted on Jan 6, 2023 at 23:38}
\end{figure}

The rules package that is waiting in the wings for when Kevin McCarthy
gets elected does in fact contemplate such a scenario. I wish Dan
Gillmor was being paranoid. He's not.

Republicans are in a bit of a identity crisis. Are they extremists or
not? Morgan Trau
\href{https://mas.to/@MorganTrau/109645036715844875}{talked recently
about how efforts were had at the statehouse in Columbus to shift away
from extremist leadership}.

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/trau-20230106-housespeaker.jpg}}
\caption{Quoting @MorganTrau@mas.to:
https://mas.to/@MorganTrau/109645036715844875 Post by Morgan Trau.
``EXCLUSIVE: Deals, betrayals and censures --- how the new Speaker of
the Ohio House was chosen. news5cleveland.com/news/politi\ldots{}''
Posted on Jan 6, 2023 at 19:14}
\end{figure}

What does a party do when it has a faction that wants to watch the world
burn and a faction that wants to govern? Notwithstanding how much people
dismissed the idea it still seems that a division of the party may
actually be beneficial. Trying to contain the MAGA wing within the
Republican tent hasn't been working too well lately. The farce of the
speaker's election in DC is a definite example of that.

We're in a spot where the country can slide out of control pretty
quickly with the crew taking power in DC. The
\href{https://mstdn.social/@markhertling/109646168091186531}{thoughts by
retired general Mark Hertling} are a good point upon which to wrap this
collection of thoughts.

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/hertling-20230107-areweback.jpg}}
\caption{Quoting @markhertling@mstdn.social:
https://mstdn.social/@markhertling/109646168091186531 Post by Mark
Hertling. ``As @POTUS mentioned in emotional remarks earlier this week,
our allies around the world are not yet convinced we're back. Tonight
isn't going to help further burnish our improving credentials on the
world stage.'' Posted on Jan 7, 2023 at 00:02}
\end{figure}
