Apparently the infamous surveillance balloon got really warm earlier
today. Quoting @w7voa@journa.host:
\url{https://journa.host/@w7voa/109808549003101808} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/w7voa-balloon.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Steve Herman. ``Key points from a US defense official
briefing reporters: - \#ChineseSpyBalloon entered US ADIZ Jan.~28, then
entered airspace of \#Canada and back in US on Jan.~31
-\#ChineseSpyBalloon part of a fleet thas has spied on 5 continents
-\#ChineseSpyBalloon intended to surveil sensitive US sites -US seeks to
recover payload of the balloon, debris field covers \textasciitilde11 km
-An F-22 engaged the \#ChineseSpyBalloon with a single AIM-9X missle;
there was no collateral damage'' Posted on Feb 4, 2023 at 16:18
https://journa.host/@w7voa/109808549003101808}
\end{figure}

Why did NORAD, the North American Aerospace Defense Command, let this
balloon wander into the United States Air Defense Identification Zone
(``ADIZ'') and through the continental area? There are plenty of
questions that need asking. The ADIZ is
\href{https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Air_Defense_Identification_Zone_(North_America)&oldid=1130570264}{plenty
big}. I don't think this is necessarily the last we'll hear about this
situation.

Apparently this is not the first time we've had one of these balloon
transits either. The folks at the Pentagon are being a bit \emph{too}
open in a statement. Quoting @w7voa@journa.host:
\url{https://journa.host/@w7voa/109810436558981248} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/w7voa-dod-balloon.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Steve Herman. ````Chinese balloons briefly transited
the continental United States at least three times during the prior
administration.'' US Department of Defense
defense.gov/News/News-Stories/\ldots'' Posted on Feb 5, 2023 at 00:18
https://journa.host/@w7voa/109810436558981248}
\end{figure}

The statement can be found at
\url{https://www.defense.gov/News/News-Stories/Article/Article/3288543/f-22-safely-shoots-down-chinese-spy-balloon-off-south-carolina-coast/}
and
\url{https://www.defense.gov/News/Releases/Release/Article/3288535/statement-from-secretary-of-defense-lloyd-j-austin-iii/}.
