Quoting @w7voa@journa.host:
\url{https://journa.host/@w7voa/110511960232994875} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/trump-indicted.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Steve Herman. ``Trump lawyer Jim Trusty, appearing on
CNN, confirms the summary of charges against the former president
includes conspiracy, willful retention of documents, false statements,
obstruction and charges under the \#EspionageAct.'' Posted on Jun 8,
2023 at 22:44}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Steve Herman. ``Trump lawyer Jim Trusty, appearing on CNN,
confirms the summary of charges against the former president includes
conspiracy, willful retention of documents, false statements,
obstruction and charges under the \#EspionageAct.'' Posted on Jun 8,
2023 at 22:44}
\end{quote}

Frankly the only defense at this point seems to be to attack the theory
of intent. Was it truly criminal intent? Was he simply being incompetent
or addle-brained instead? If he was acting in an incompetent fashion let
alone an addle-brained fashion, why on earth would we allow him to
participate in our electoral processes again?

Notice the marked lack of answers there. I frankly have no
prognostication on-hand as to how any of this may turn out. The ``worst
case scenario'' notions are just too dire to try to comprehend right
now.

I think Ed Bott had the best take on the situation. Quoting
@edbott@mastodon.social:
\url{https://mastodon.social/@edbott/110511328509215741} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/bott-pain.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Ed Bott. ``I feel no joy right now. The next year or
more is going to be an absolute nightmare.'' Posted on Jun 8, 2023 at
20:04}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Ed Bott. ``I feel no joy right now. The next year or more
is going to be an absolute nightmare.'' Posted on Jun 8, 2023 at 20:04}
\end{quote}

It will be a very wild ride with the impending campaigning, it
seems\ldots{}
