\section{Business is afoot}\label{business-is-afoot}

Quoting \href{https://framapiaf.org/@debian}{@debian@framapiaf.org}:
\url{https://framapiaf.org/@debian/111078593183129975} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/debconf2023.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Debian. ``Today Sunday 17, September, is the last day
of DebConf23, starting at 10:30 ITS (05:00 UTC)! Have a look at the
schedule for the day. debconf23.debconf.org/schedule\ldots{} We remind
you that you can watch most of the talks streamed online by clicking on
Venue names in the schedule. You can also watch the recorded talks
published later. \#debian \#debconf \#debconf23 \#freesoftware \#dc23
\#kochi \#debconfkochi \#debianindia'' Posted on Sep 17, 2023 at 00:27}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Debian. ``Today Sunday 17, September, is the last day of
DebConf23, starting at 10:30 ITS (05:00 UTC)! Have a look at the
schedule for the day. debconf23.debconf.org/schedule\ldots{} We remind
you that you can watch most of the talks streamed online by clicking on
Venue names in the schedule. You can also watch the recorded talks
published later. \#debian \#debconf \#debconf23 \#freesoftware \#dc23
\#kochi \#debconfkochi \#debianindia'' Posted on Sep 17, 2023 at 00:27}
\end{quote}

Yeah, it totally slipped my mind that this event was even taking place.
I've still been reeling from events arising from recent visits to
medical practitioners. I'm stuck a bit in the Windows world thanks to a
current work tasking.

\section{Health}\label{health}

Health matters are frankly just weird right now. I have an
ever-expanding cast of specialists that I get to see that cover a fairly
wide range of disciplines. Test results have been sufficiently weird
that collaboration between specialists will be essential, it seems.

\section{Economic fate of Ashtabula
County}\label{economic-fate-of-ashtabula-county}

The produce giveaways run in partnership with Country Neighbor Program
and Greater Cleveland Food Bank are seeing record numbers of
participants seeking help. This is \textbf{not} the normal I wanted to
have come back. Our economy isn't in the greatest shape and things are
in a bit of a downward spiral.

Oddly enough, we were doing far better economically during the lockdown
times and the limited activity times. Local businesses were still able
to stay open. We've had quite a few closures lately. All that is posted
to \href{https://ohiomeansjobs.ohio.gov}{the OhioMeansJobs search
engine} right now is work in the retail and medical sectors.

\section{Setting up news services in Ashtabula
County}\label{setting-up-news-services-in-ashtabula-county}

I'm still trying to work out the finances to doing something like this.
I \emph{may} try to seek out donors at the Best Of The County event at
Spire Institute being held Tuesday night. Beyond that there is simply no
clear path forward.

\section{Starting a newsletter}\label{starting-a-newsletter}

This seems to be in vogue. I'm not sure it would be successful locally.
If I try anything it had best be with \emph{low} financial investment.
