Incomplete and scattered reports indicate that the Wagner Group and its
commander have abandoned the front in Ukraine either in whole or in part
and have marched back into Russia. They're apparently \emph{not} doing
so peacefully. Things are developing as time goes by.

Quoting @billbennett@mastodon.nz:
\url{https://mastodon.nz/@billbennett/110597363966361682} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/not-sure.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Bill Bennett. ``Not sure about what is going on in
Russia right now, but it certainly doesn't look like there is a good
team, just two conflicting evil teams.'' Posted on Jun 24, 2023 at
00:44}
\end{figure}

Post by Bill Bennett. ``Not sure about what is going on in Russia right
now, but it certainly doesn't look like there is a good team, just two
conflicting evil teams.'' Posted on Jun 24, 2023 at 00:44

It appears that there will be updates flowing all through my local
night. Quoting @kevinrothrock@infosec.exchange:
\url{https://infosec.exchange/@kevinrothrock/110597269499025046}
\#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/rothrock-1-20230624.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Kevin Rothrock. ``Reposting latest Prigozhin audio with
a corrected subtitle. Also, as others point out, perhaps he isn't
contradicting reports that his forces control Rostov, though he doesn't
say it outright. He either took the city as a ``military disinfo''
source or he's confident and en route. t.co/fezmG9GLyC'' Posted on Jun
24, 2023 at 00:20}
\end{figure}

Post by Kevin Rothrock. ``Reposting latest Prigozhin audio with a
corrected subtitle. Also, as others point out, perhaps he isn't
contradicting reports that his forces control Rostov, though he doesn't
say it outright. He either took the city as a ``military disinfo''
source or he's confident and en route. t.co/fezmG9GLyC'' Posted on Jun
24, 2023 at 00:20

Of course, there are some folks out in the fediverse that are okay with
this situation. Quoting @lauren@mastodon.laurenweinstein.org:
\url{https://mastodon.laurenweinstein.org/@lauren/110597212085272373}
\#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/weinstein-dictators.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Lauren Weinstein. ``It's worth remembering that
throughout human history, it has been the military that has
traditionally brought down emperors and other dictators.'' Posted on Jun
24, 2023 at 00:05}
\end{figure}

Post by Lauren Weinstein. ``It's worth remembering that throughout human
history, it has been the military that has traditionally brought down
emperors and other dictators.'' Posted on Jun 24, 2023 at 00:05

It appears that
\href{https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/what-is-the-wagner-group-rcna90932}{even
NBC News has started to notice the situation}.

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/nbc-wagner-mutiny.jpg}}
\caption{Post by NBC News. ``What is the Wagner Group? A look at the
mercenary group accused of `armed mutiny' in Russia.
nbcnews.com/news/world/what-is\ldots{}'' Posted on Jun 23, 2023 at
23:49}
\end{figure}

Post by NBC News. ``What is the Wagner Group? A look at the mercenary
group accused of `armed mutiny' in Russia.
nbcnews.com/news/world/what-is\ldots{}'' Posted on Jun 23, 2023 at 23:49

At the very least we have \textbf{not} seen reports of Swan Lake playing
on a loop in broadcast outlets in the Russian Federation. That would be
the big hint that a coup is rather further along than we would like to
see. This weekend is likely to get pretty exciting.

For some reason I'm having oddball thoughts about archiving data using
\href{https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kansas_City_standard&oldid=1140604070}{Kansas
City Standard},
\href{https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Phonograph_cylinder&oldid=1151598142}{cylinder
phonographs} such as seen
\href{http://web.archive.org/web/20210918113114/https://twitter.com/BL_DramaSound/status/867737576056258561}{here}
and
\href{http://web.archive.org/web/20230322183530/http://www.hellointernet.fm/podcast/2019/4/24/hi-122-wax-cylinders}{here},
and
\href{https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Error_correction_code&oldid=1158413565}{lots
of error correction coding}. That's just silliness, I suppose. These are
strange times that we live in\ldots{}
