So, this is what I'm getting as a response from Bing Image Creator at
the moment:

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/aneurysm-ai.jpg}}
\caption{We can't create your images right now ~Due to high demand,
we're unable to process new requests. ~Please try again later. ~In the
meantime, Explore other creations on the Image Creator homepage.}
\end{figure}

The text states:

\begin{quote}
\emph{We can't create your images right now} \emph{Due to high demand,
we're unable to process new requests.} \emph{Please try again later.}
\emph{In the meantime, Explore other creations on the Image Creator
homepage.}
\end{quote}

I assume this is related to what Bellingcat is talking about in a recent
report. Quoting
\href{https://mstdn.social/@Bellingcat}{@Bellingcat@mstdn.social}:
\url{https://mstdn.social/@Bellingcat/111188168746055746} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/bellingcat-4.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Bellingcat. ``4chan users are sharing ways to exploit
the AI-powered Bing Image Creator to create hateful content. Posts of
antisemitic caricatures of Orthodox men carrying migrants across the US
border, preparing to eat a baby, and committing the 9/11 attacks have
appeared online. bellingcat.com/news/2023/10/06\ldots{}'' Posted on Oct
6, 2023 at 08:53}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Bellingcat. ``4chan users are sharing ways to exploit the
AI-powered Bing Image Creator to create hateful content. Posts of
antisemitic caricatures of Orthodox men carrying migrants across the US
border, preparing to eat a baby, and committing the 9/11 attacks have
appeared online. bellingcat.com/news/2023/10/06\ldots{}'' Posted on Oct
6, 2023 at 08:53}
\end{quote}

It probably also related to what Peter Murray was posting about too.
Quoting \href{https://code4lib.social/@dltj}{@dltj@code4lib.social}:
\url{https://code4lib.social/@dltj/111185408493064478} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/404-chan.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Peter Murray. ``ðŸ”– 4chan Uses Bing to Flood the
Internet With Racist Images \textbar{} 404 Media
404media.co/4chan-uses-bing-to\ldots{} \#BookmarkShare'' Posted on Oct
5, 2023 at 21:11}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Peter Murray. ``ðŸ”– 4chan Uses Bing to Flood the Internet
With Racist Images \textbar{} 404 Media
404media.co/4chan-uses-bing-to\ldots{} \#BookmarkShare'' Posted on Oct
5, 2023 at 21:11}
\end{quote}

All in all, this is not looking good. Increasingly it looks like we have
barely begun to consider the implications of what we're getting into
with this software. Humanity is fallen and broken so assuming good
intent on the part of users with software like this is probably not the
best of ideas.
