It is getting too quiet in here. I suppose that means it is time for
another blog post.

Quoting @NPR@press.coop:
\url{https://press.coop/@NPR/110976544282151001} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/idalia.jpg}}
\caption{Post by NPR. ``Idalia strengthens and is now predicted to hit
Florida as a Category 4 hurricane The National Hurricane Center said
Idalia is now forecasted to be at Category 4 strength at landfall on
Florida's Gulf Coast on Wednesday, with winds that could reach at least
130 mph. \#press npr.org/2023/08/29/1196705979/\ldots{}'' The post
contains an image with the following description: ``\,'' Posted on Aug
29, 2023 at 23:54}
\end{figure}

Post by NPR. ``Idalia strengthens and is now predicted to hit Florida as
a Category 4 hurricane The National Hurricane Center said Idalia is now
forecasted to be at Category 4 strength at landfall on Florida's Gulf
Coast on Wednesday, with winds that could reach at least 130 mph.
\#press npr.org/2023/08/29/1196705979/\ldots{}'' The post contains an
image with the following description: ``\,'' Posted on Aug 29, 2023 at
23:54

Well, Florida is going to be a mess soon. The VoIP Hurricane Net is
\href{https://web.archive.org/web/20230830040706/https://voipwx.net/2023/08/29/voip-hurricane-net-will-activate-wednesday-morning-8-30-23-6-am-edt-through-11-pm-edt-for-hurricane-idalia/}{activating
Wednesday} to respond with this situation. I'll likely be listening in
since I am nowhere near the targeted area and won't directly connect to
the EchoLink node(s).

From there we shift to the problem of decay at Google. Quoting
@billbennett@mastodon.nz:
\url{https://mastodon.nz/@billbennett/110976040958094828} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/google-decay.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Bill Bennett. ``It's not only Google search that has
degraded to the point where it is barely usable. The New Zealand version
of Google news is worse that it was\ldots{} and that's something I
didn't think was possible.'' Posted on Aug 29, 2023 at 21:46}
\end{figure}

Post by Bill Bennett. ``It's not only Google search that has degraded to
the point where it is barely usable. The New Zealand version of Google
news is worse that it was\ldots{} and that's something I didn't think
was possible.'' Posted on Aug 29, 2023 at 21:46

I'm not sure how much more I can say to that. My preferred search engine
lately is either DuckDuckGo or Bing. I don't really get decent results
from Google either lately.

Moving onward, quoting @davidbisset@phpc.social:
\url{https://phpc.social/@davidbisset/110944822936661457} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/privacy-policy.jpg}}
\caption{Post by David Bisset. ``\,``We've made some changes to our
privacy policy.'' ðŸ¤”'' The post contains an image with the following
description: ``Two bathroom stalls - front view, one right next to the
other. Both have their closed doors raised up so you could see people
sitting on the tiolet.'' Posted on Aug 24, 2023 at 09:27}
\end{figure}

Post by David Bisset. ``\,``We've made some changes to our privacy
policy.'' ðŸ¤”'' The post contains an image with the following
description: ``Two bathroom stalls - front view, one right next to the
other. Both have their closed doors raised up so you could see people
sitting on the tiolet.'' Posted on Aug 24, 2023 at 09:27

There's not really a good let alone innocent explanation for that.

I wish I could say there are simpler times ahead. I'm not supposed to
lie.
