Today is a federal holiday when we remember the terrible events of
September 11, 2001. Unfortunately we now have some elected lunatics in
the United States House of Representatives. Quoting
\href{https://journa.host/@w7voa/}{@w7voa@journa.host}:
\url{https://journa.host/@w7voa/111047581623691135} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/mtg-secede.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Steve Herman. ``A member of Congress is on social media
today saying US states''should consider seceding from the union.''\,''
The post contains an image with the following description: ``Text of
Twitter post by Representative Marjorie Taylor Green to Twitter made at
1500 UTC on September 11, 2023: `If the Biden admin refuses to stop the
invasion of cartel led human and drug trafficking into our country,
states should consider seceding from the union. From Texas to New York
City to every town in America, we are drowning from Biden's traitorous
America last border policies.'\,''. Posted on Sep 11, 2023 at 13:00}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Steve Herman. ``A member of Congress is on social media
today saying US states''should consider seceding from the union.''\,''
The post contains an image with the following description: ``Text of
Twitter post by Representative Marjorie Taylor Green to Twitter made at
1500 UTC on September 11, 2023: `If the Biden admin refuses to stop the
invasion of cartel led human and drug trafficking into our country,
states should consider seceding from the union. From Texas to New York
City to every town in America, we are drowning from Biden's traitorous
America last border policies.'\,''. Posted on Sep 11, 2023 at 13:00}
\end{quote}

I am at a loss. The calls for secession aren't new. There were calls in
2021 after the US Capitol Riot according to
\href{http://web.archive.org/web/20230604235034/https://thehill.com/changing-america/enrichment/arts-culture/563221-shocking-poll-finds-many-americans-now-want-to/}{\emph{The
Hill}}. There were talks of it before the 2021 US Capitol Riot
\href{http://web.archive.org/web/20230516215201/https://www.politico.com/news/magazine/2020/12/21/secession-donald-trump-449348}{according
to POLITICO}. There is even correlation between stolen election belief
and desire for secession
\href{http://web.archive.org/web/20230214165556/https://victory-insights.com/files/TX_Secession_Poll_OFFICIAL.pdf}{if
one poll is to be believed}. Representative Greene has been beating the
drum for this for a while herself
\href{http://web.archive.org/web/20230710173859/https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2023/02/marjorie-taylor-greene-secession-civil-war/673142/}{as
noted in this article in \emph{The Atlantic} from roughly seven months
ago}.

We are now \textbf{19 days} away from the flashpoint of a government
shutdown. Speaker McCarthy has a working majority of 4 which means he is
almost but not quite gelded when it comes to finishing up
appropriations. Folks like Marjorie Taylor Greene dragged out the
election of a Speaker of the House to take fifteen rounds. Does anyone
seriously think she won't drag out a government shutdown? She's part of
the group
\href{http://web.archive.org/web/20230911213350/https://www.cnn.com/2023/09/11/politics/impeachment-government-shutdown-house-return/index.html}{threatening
to do so if they don't get their way and be able to at least start an
impeachment inquiry of President Biden}.

No, I don't think things are going to be okay. Things are going to be a
bit of a mess soon. None of this is required to be this way.
