This was
\href{https://mas.to/@w7voa@journa.host/109646330206886889}{posted by
Steve Herman to Mastodon}:

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/mccarthynightmare20230107.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Steve Herman. ``\,``Speaker McCarthy's dream job could
turn into a nightmare for the American people,'' says Senate Majority
Leader Chuck Schumer. ``To get the votes, he surrendered to demands of a
fringe element of the GOP.''\,'' Posted on Jan 7, 2023 at 00:43}
\end{figure}

I agree that Kevin McCarthy was metaphorically gelded over the course of
the fifteen votes. He'll be one of the weakest speakers in the history
of the United States House of Representatives. Any single member can
initiate a vote to vacate the chair and oust him now. He's on extremely
thin ice. It was still
\href{https://mas.to/@w7voa@journa.host/109646292394939238}{a tight
vote}.

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/15thtry.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Steve Herman. ``McCarthy 216/Jeffries 212'' The post
contains an image with no original description. The best description
that can be added is that it is a screen capture from C-SPAN showing the
vote totals and Kevin McCarthy sitting in the Hall of the House. Posted
on Jan 7, 2023 at 00:34}
\end{figure}

Glenn Fleishman certainly
\href{https://twit.social/@glennf/109646333955071585}{wasn't amused by
this situation}.

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/fleishman20230107.jpg}}
\caption{Quoting @glennf@twit.social:
https://twit.social/@glennf/109646333955071585 Post by Glenn Fleishman.
``Ein Volk. Ein Land. Ein McCarthy.'' Posted on Jan 7, 2023 at 00:44}
\end{figure}

He also noted \href{https://twit.social/@glennf/109646359477884160}{the
thin ice} I was talking about too:

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/fleishman-jordan-20230107.jpg}}
\caption{Quoting @glennf@twit.social:
https://twit.social/@glennf/109646359477884160 Post by Glenn Fleishman.
``Five minutes after swearing in, Gym Jordan calls for the ouster of the
Speaker. Passes with a one-vote margin. \#thefuture'' Posted on Jan 7,
2023 at 00:51}
\end{figure}

The madness has only just begun in DC, it seems. I'm glad I am not a
working civil servant any longer. The thirty five day government
shutdown in late 2018/early 2019 really did a number and I do not want
the chance of going through \emph{that} again. Unfortunately the chance
of something like that happening again has increased
\textbf{exponentially} with this lot taking charge of the United States
House of Representatives.
