Quoting \href{https://journa.host/@w7voa/}{@w7voa@journa.host}:
\url{https://journa.host/@w7voa/111910042033840246} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/encourage-1.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Steve Herman. ``Trump, in South Carolina at a rally,
outlines a scenario in which he would ``encourage'' Russia to ``do
whatever the hell they want'' to other NATO members.
huffpost.com/entry/trump-russi\ldots'' Posted on Feb 10, 2024 at 19:35}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Steve Herman. ``Trump, in South Carolina at a rally,
outlines a scenario in which he would ``encourage'' Russia to ``do
whatever the hell they want'' to other NATO members.
huffpost.com/entry/trump-russi\ldots'' Posted on Feb 10, 2024 at 19:35}
\end{quote}

Linked item:
\url{https://www.huffpost.com/entry/trump-russia-attack-nato-allies_n_65c7e443e4b069b665dfb762}

Quoting \href{https://journa.host/@w7voa/}{@w7voa@journa.host}:
\url{https://journa.host/@w7voa/111913555782712977} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/encourage-2.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Steve Herman. ````Encouraging invasions of our closest
allies by murderous regimes is appalling and unhinged -- and it
endangers American national security, global stability and our economy
at home,'' says White House spokesperson Andrew Bates.'' Posted on Feb
11, 2024 at 10:29}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Steve Herman. ````Encouraging invasions of our closest
allies by murderous regimes is appalling and unhinged -- and it
endangers American national security, global stability and our economy
at home,'' says White House spokesperson Andrew Bates.'' Posted on Feb
11, 2024 at 10:29}
\end{quote}

Quoting \href{https://journa.host/@w7voa/}{@w7voa@journa.host}:
\url{https://journa.host/@w7voa/111913613997917288} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/encourage-3.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Steve Herman. ````Any suggestion that allies will not
defend each other undermines all of our security, including that of the
US,'' says NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in a statement.''
Posted on Feb 11, 2024 at 10:43}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Steve Herman. ````Any suggestion that allies will not
defend each other undermines all of our security, including that of the
US,'' says NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in a statement.''
Posted on Feb 11, 2024 at 10:43}
\end{quote}

Quoting \href{https://journa.host/@w7voa/}{@w7voa@journa.host}:
\url{https://journa.host/@w7voa/111914658826354093} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/encourage-4.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Steve Herman. ``A former SACEUR reacts to Trump's NATO
remark.'' The post contains an image with no description. Posted on Feb
11, 2024 at 15:09}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Steve Herman. ``A former SACEUR reacts to Trump's NATO
remark.'' The post contains an image with no description. Posted on Feb
11, 2024 at 15:09}
\end{quote}

The text from the statement image states:

\begin{quote}
\emph{STATEMENT OF GENERAL (RET.) WESLEY K. CLARK, FORMER NATO SUPREME
ALLIED COMMANDER AND VOTEVETS SENIOR ADVISOR, ON DONALD TRUMP
ENCOURAGING PUTIN TO ATTACK NATO}

\emph{``On 9/11, when America was under attack, NATO nations all
mobilized to come to our defense and fought alongside us to crush al
Qaeda. They didn't ask us for money. They didn't put strings on it. That
is the kind of iron-clad commitment that has kept western democracies --
including our own -- alive for 75 years.}

\emph{``For Donald Trump to publicly signal to Vladimir Putin that he
can take as much of Europe as he wants, and we will sit by and cheer him
on, isn't just breaking the promise the United States has made, and it
isn't just threatening Europe. It is encouraging World War Ill, which
will hit our shores and cost American lives.}

\emph{``It is the kind of statement that can only come from a deranged
and twisted mind. I do not say this lightly: The lives of every
American, both in uniform and civilian, are at severe risk if Donald
Trump wins this election.''}
\end{quote}

The folks at
\href{https://web.archive.org/web/20240211202913/https://www.politico.com/newsletters/playbook/2024/02/11/wild-and-dangerous-trump-upstages-elderly-biden-00140853?nname=playbook&nid=0000014f-1646-d88f-a1cf-5f46b7bd0000&nrid=00000171-1404-d255-a375-74bd15840000&nlid=630318}{POLITICO
lined up the remarks Trump made} in South Carolina with other remarks
he's made and it seems the major European leader he was referring to was
Ursula von der Leyen. Trump wasn't telling the prime minister of a small
country that they would metaphorically be thrown to the wolves. He
apparently was saying this to the head of the European Commission.

Quoting
\href{https://mastodonapp.uk/@bbcnewsfeed/}{@bbcnewsfeed@mastodonapp.uk}:
\url{https://mastodonapp.uk/@bbcnewsfeed/111914503512138567} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/encourage-5.jpg}}
\caption{Post by BBC News Top Stories. ``Nato chief says Donald \#Trump
comments `undermine all of our security' The presidential hopeful
suggests the US will not protect allies failing to meet defence spending
targets. bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada\ldots{} (c) \#BBC \#News
\#World'' Posted on Feb 11, 2024 at 14:30}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by BBC News Top Stories. ``Nato chief says Donald \#Trump
comments `undermine all of our security' The presidential hopeful
suggests the US will not protect allies failing to meet defence spending
targets. bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada\ldots{} (c) \#BBC \#News
\#World'' Posted on Feb 11, 2024 at 14:30}
\end{quote}

Linked article:
\url{https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-68269354}

Mom and Dad are getting nervous with this too. They're outright asking
if we're slipping into a Weimar-style situation. History is repeating,
seemingly.

{[}REDACTED{]}
