The prompt:

\begin{quote}
\emph{Cree indigenous women dressed in neon-trim full body armor,
neon-trim tactical pants, \& neon-trim combat boots are hiking down a
dirt road of ruins in Kentucky. The scene looks like a warrior march
featuring these small yet lean women. These young women have wildly
different hairstyles. These muscle-bulked athletes have very visible
muscles and are at their peaks of genetic development. They appear
disheveled yet feminine in this new post-apocalyptic cyberpunk
dystopia.}
\end{quote}

The picture:

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/cyberpunk.jpg}}
\caption{Cree indigenous women dressed in neon-trim full body armor,
neon-trim tactical pants, \& neon-trim combat boots are hiking down a
dirt road of ruins in Kentucky. The scene looks like a warrior march
featuring these small yet lean women. These young women have wildly
different hairstyles. These muscle-bulked athletes have very visible
muscles and are at their peaks of genetic development. They appear
disheveled yet feminine in this new post-apocalyptic cyberpunk
dystopia.}
\end{figure}

That was created using Microsoft Copilot Designer.

Let's rerun the prompt using Google Gemini. What on earth would that get
you? These are the four images generated:

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/gemini-1.jpg}}
\caption{Cree indigenous women dressed in neon-trim full body armor,
neon-trim tactical pants, \& neon-trim combat boots are hiking down a
dirt road of ruins in Kentucky. The scene looks like a warrior march
featuring these small yet lean women. These young women have wildly
different hairstyles. These muscle-bulked athletes have very visible
muscles and are at their peaks of genetic development. They appear
disheveled yet feminine in this new post-apocalyptic cyberpunk
dystopia.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/gemini-2.jpg}}
\caption{Cree indigenous women dressed in neon-trim full body armor,
neon-trim tactical pants, \& neon-trim combat boots are hiking down a
dirt road of ruins in Kentucky. The scene looks like a warrior march
featuring these small yet lean women. These young women have wildly
different hairstyles. These muscle-bulked athletes have very visible
muscles and are at their peaks of genetic development. They appear
disheveled yet feminine in this new post-apocalyptic cyberpunk
dystopia.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/gemini-3.jpg}}
\caption{Cree indigenous women dressed in neon-trim full body armor,
neon-trim tactical pants, \& neon-trim combat boots are hiking down a
dirt road of ruins in Kentucky. The scene looks like a warrior march
featuring these small yet lean women. These young women have wildly
different hairstyles. These muscle-bulked athletes have very visible
muscles and are at their peaks of genetic development. They appear
disheveled yet feminine in this new post-apocalyptic cyberpunk
dystopia.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/gemini-4.jpg}}
\caption{Cree indigenous women dressed in neon-trim full body armor,
neon-trim tactical pants, \& neon-trim combat boots are hiking down a
dirt road of ruins in Kentucky. The scene looks like a warrior march
featuring these small yet lean women. These young women have wildly
different hairstyles. These muscle-bulked athletes have very visible
muscles and are at their peaks of genetic development. They appear
disheveled yet feminine in this new post-apocalyptic cyberpunk
dystopia.}
\end{figure}

As an effort in trying to induce ``model collapse'', the prompt was
developed with judicious use of LLaVa via llamafile. The
\href{https://media.ccc.de/v/37c3-12125-self-cannibalizing_ai}{Self-Cannibalizing
AI} presentation from 37c3 is a very good inspiration. This is just
interesting seeing how complicated I can get the prompts to be and how
the rendering of those prompts reflects the biases of the developers of
the models. Introducing internal contradictory elements to prompts makes
their processing really, really interesting.

We have to live with Generative AI but is Generative AI ready to live
with us?
