Elsewhere I have currently written on this site:

\begin{quote}
\emph{Stephen's non-academic endeavors can be supported financially via
\href{https://ko-fi.com/smkellat}{Ko-Fi} and
\href{https://patreon.com/erielookingproductions}{Patreon}.}
\end{quote}

So, what does that even mean? I suppose it needs \emph{some}
explanation.

Consider this:

Via \href{https://mastodon.social/@vorlon/}{@vorlon@mastodon.social}:
\url{https://mastodon.social/@vorlon/112203216020807043} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/xz-llm.jpg}}
\caption{Post by vorlon. Content warning ⚠️ shitposting ⚠️ ``Ok but why
is no one asking the important question: how could LLMs have prevented
the xz attack'' Posted on Apr 2, 2024 at 15:13}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by vorlon. Content warning ⚠️ shitposting ⚠️ ``Ok but why is
no one asking the important question: how could LLMs have prevented the
xz attack'' Posted on Apr 2, 2024 at 15:13}
\end{quote}

As much as that could be an interesting alternative history story I
would not want to write it. I do want to write \emph{some} sort of
stories, though. One of those things that I am good at, for better or
worse, is writing up tabletop exercise after actions. Even though it is
participatory it is still fictional.

My work at the educational institute is ``as scheduled, as needed''. I
am an at-will employee. Winding up out of work is far easier to have
happen than I would like to admit. It would be very prudent to have a
backup plan in place.

Of course, consider the following post. Via
\href{https://mstdn.social/@ComicContext/}{@ComicContext@mstdn.social}:
\url{https://mstdn.social/@ComicContext/112216727290198032} \#retoot

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{\%7B\%7Bsite.url\%7D\%7D/img/feel-dirty.jpg}}
\caption{Post by Comics Outta Context. ``\,'' The post contains an image
with the following description: ``Hand turns a bathtub knob.
Narration:''Whatever went down, I feel DIRTY. I have to wash last night
off me.''\,'' Posted on Apr 5, 2024 at 00:29}
\end{figure}

\begin{quote}
\emph{Post by Comics Outta Context. ``\,'' The post contains an image
with the following description: ``Hand turns a bathtub knob.
Narration:''Whatever went down, I feel DIRTY. I have to wash last night
off me.''\,'' Posted on Apr 5, 2024 at 00:29}
\end{quote}

I feel dirty ever asking people for support. During the times at night
when I have tried to write this blog post I have fallen asleep and after
the third try I almost left it with the different incomprehensible
keyboard face finishes. Going solo in business is \emph{hard} and
frankly I don't like it at times. That's why it gets a bit easier
working for somebody else as they then get to deal with all those lovely
compliance messes like taxes, workman's comp, legal issues, and more.

An active Patreon with actual supporters would only be useful if there
was an actual plan of work. Right now the big plan of work is to keep
teaching my digital literacy class that is apparently making a
difference. In contrast I haven't been able to come up with an actual
writing plan yet. Part of that has been due to the intimidation lately.
The intimidation lately keeping me from doing much of any writing has
been the fear that my house will be burned down with me in it by angry
people in the range of ``right wing'' partisans due to them being
offended by something I may have written. Previously I have written
plenty of Letters To The Editor in the local newspaper and had a
following of readers yet for the past few months have gone dark. I end
up needing to redact what I write on this blog and self-censor so that I
don't get caught up in any messes with those frothing partisans. After
the multiple visits to medical providers this week I think it is safe to
say that I am far more vulnerable than I would like in the face of these
partisans and their odd ideas against modern medicine.

For now, I wind up ending a blog post without actually resolving
anything. All I can do is lay out what is going on. It is a bit of a
mess. When I am in a spot where I can see chatter on HN
\href{https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=39923023}{about immigration
to Pitcairn Island} and wonder how bad such a thing could be then
perhaps something is wrong.
