---
layout: post
title:  "Fun With AI"
date:   2023-10-04 20:03:00 -0400
categories: blather
---
One thing I have tried to do in class is show the students how generative AI has been developing at a phenomenal rate.  This is an example of something spat out by [Bing Image Creator](https://www.bing.com/create) of a much higher quality than before:

![Image generated by the following prompt given to Bing Image Creator: "A lost scene from the iconic public television program "The Computer Chronicles" where the hosts show us a variety of 1980s computer technologies for the first time that help promote physical fitness. They are joined by multiple female physical fitness enthusiasts."]({{site.url}}/img/quantified.jpg)

>*Image generated by the following prompt given to Bing Image Creator: "A lost scene from the iconic public television program "The Computer Chronicles" where the hosts show us a variety of 1980s computer technologies for the first time that help promote physical fitness. They are joined by multiple female physical fitness enthusiasts."*

Stewart and Gary seem to be missing from the picture, though.  The system generate premium nightmare fuel, too.  For example:

![Image generated by the following prompt given to Bing Image Creator: "A lost scene from the iconic public television program "The Computer Chronicles" where the hosts show us a variety of 1980s computer technologies for the first time that help promote physical fitness. They are joined by multiple female physical fitness enthusiasts."]({{site.url}}/img/nightmarez.jpg)

You might've seen this sort of picture in a computer magazine from the late 1980s or early 1990s touting the benefits of "the quantified self", I suppose.

Things are starting to get really, really world in the generative AI space, I think.
